Dad, Wook's brother is here.
Sit down, Truong Huc Dong.
Remember when I asked you to help me save someone?
Of course.
Now is the time.
But...
There is someone I need to save, tell me who it is.
This person's name is Ly Thanh Hai.
That year was also the all-powerful figure of Yen Kinh city.
Then was harmed by people into a kind of blockade.
After I saved you.
Still unconscious for many years.
Just now the news came from the hospital.
The patient is better.
So it's Ly Thanh Hai again.
So when do we go?
To prevent accidents, I will leave later.
Then I will go prepare first, dad.
Brother Huc just arrived, how can he leave already?
Rain dreams don't be strange
After this is over.
I told your brother Wook to come to you every day.
Okay.
Ton Nam threw the tail behind me.